Allow zero initial flow control SETTINGS to enable negotiation (#278)
ietf-wg-webtrans/draft-ietf-webtrans-http3: draft-ietf-webtrans-http3.md

on a single session and starving traffic for other sessions
(see {{security-considerations}}).

Flow control is enabled when both endpoints send at least one of
SETTINGS_WT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAMS_UNI, SETTINGS_WT_INITIAL_MAX_STREAMS_BIDI, or

> SETTINGS_WT_INITIAL_MAX_DATA.  Zero is valid and grants no initial stream or

Reviewer: ```suggestion
SETTINGS_WT_INITIAL_MAX_DATA.  A value of "0" is valid and grants no initial stream or
```
